# High Fidelity Prototype Review

We used affordances to make it easy to book a hamper. The UI to book a hamper is designed to look like a [calendar](ReviewImages/Calendar.png) which most people are familiar with. In addition, we highlighted the days which they are unable to book. This allows them to plan their bookings easier.

In addition we used symbols to indicate the [status](ReviewImages/Confirm.png) of a booking. This will assure their booking has been approved and confirmed, and also lets the users know at a glance whether something is wrong.

In the [support](ReviewImages/Faq.png) page we grouped similar questions together to make it easier for a user to find what they are looking for. This gestalt makes it easier to find out more about a topic because the questions are in a logical arrangement. In addition each topic is associated with a step in the user flow, and they are ordered chronologically.

In our [support](ReviewImages/Question.png) page, we included a signifier by having a grayed default text in the input box stating “Please type your question here“ to indicate where the user needs to ask their question. This is then followed by a checkbox to indicate what method the user would like to communicate with and a button labeled “Submit”.

In implementing a stepwise process for both sign up and booking of a hamper, the Zeigarnik Effect was used to motivate a user to complete their profile. Once the necessary information for an individual had been collected, they have the option to get right to booking while skipping the household information that they would not be required to enter. This not only makes the experience more memorable, but also motivating as the user is not bogged down in entering information that is not required. Discoverability of that was maintained by displaying the option to the user, such that in the future if their circumstances change, they are still able to return and complete that information for their profile.

Postel's Law was explored in the login page, as we decided not to tie the user to one particular login detail, but they are offered the option of either username, or email. By being liberal in what details are accepted, empathy is shown to the user as it can be increasingly difficult to remember usernames for every different site they use. This is of course assuming they are using their typical email that they would use for other services. It was also important to show the user that either would be acceptable in defining the boundaries. This law was also explored with regard to income information collection, an exact number is required, but only a brief explanation of the source of their income.
